examples/on-demand-streaming/README.md, before:

# On-demand streaming example

## Overview

This example shows how to use and implement endpoints which stream data via
[JSON text sequences][json-seq] back to compatible clients and gracefully fall
back to JSON otherwise. As an extension we also show how to implement
client-side and bi-directional streaming using the same primitives.

+ Standard JSON API call. `application/json` responses are accepted by default,
  so we can omit the `accept` header.

  ```typescript
  const unary = await sdk.processMessages({body});
  switch (unary.code) {
    case 200:
      // In this case data is available (only) once the call completes.
      for (const processed of unary.data) {
        // ...
      }
    // ...
  }
  ```

+ Streaming JSON API call. The only difference with the call above is the
  `accept` header which is now updated to accept JSON sequences.

  ```typescript
  const streaming = await sdk.processMessages({
    headers: {accept: 'application/json-seq'},
    body,
  });
  switch (streaming.code) {
    case 200:
      // Response data is now available incrementally and automatically typed as
      // an `AsyncIterable`! Processing it in real time is as easy as using an
      // asynchronous loop.
      for await (const processed of streaming.data) {
        // ...
      }
    // ...
  }
  ```

Note that these capabilities are exposed via simple HTTP requests (no WebSockets
required for instance) and without losing any of the type-safety provided by the
OpenAPI specification.


## Sources

+ OpenAPI specification: [`resources/openapi.yaml`](resources/openapi.yaml)
+ Client implementation: [`src/client.ts`](src/client.ts)
+ Server implementation: [`src/server.ts`](src/server.ts)
+ Sample usage: [`test/index.test.ts`](test/index.test.ts)

To run the example:

```sh
pnpm test
```


[json-seq]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7464

Commit message:

Expand content-types example README

examples/on-demand-streaming/README.md, after:

# On-demand streaming example

## Overview

This example shows how to use and implement endpoints which stream data via
[JSON text sequences][json-seq] back to compatible clients and gracefully fall
back to JSON otherwise. As an extension we also show how to implement
client-side and bi-directional streaming using the same primitives.

+ Standard JSON API call. `application/json` responses are accepted by default,
  so we can omit the `accept` header.

  ```typescript
  const unary = await sdk.processMessages({body});
  switch (unary.code) {
    case 200:
      // In this case data is available (only) once the call completes.
      for (const processed of unary.data) {
        // ...
      }
    // ...
  }
  ```

+ Streaming JSON API call. The only difference with the call above is the
  `accept` header which is now updated to accept JSON sequences.

  ```typescript
  const streaming = await sdk.processMessages({
    headers: {accept: 'application/json-seq'},
    body,
  });
  switch (streaming.code) {
    case 200:
      // Response data is now available incrementally and automatically typed as
      // an `AsyncIterable`! Processing it in real time is as easy as using an
      // asynchronous loop.
      for await (const processed of streaming.data) {
        // ...
      }
    // ...
  }
  ```

Note that these capabilities are exposed via simple HTTP requests (no WebSockets
required for instance) and without losing any of the type-safety provided by the
OpenAPI specification. It's also possible to stream with other content-types
simply by providing a compatible decoder and encoder.


## Sources

+ OpenAPI specification: [`resources/openapi.yaml`](resources/openapi.yaml)
+ Client implementation: [`src/client.ts`](src/client.ts)
+ Server implementation: [`src/server.ts`](src/server.ts)
+ Sample usage: [`test/index.test.ts`](test/index.test.ts)

To run the example:

```sh
pnpm test
```


[json-seq]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7464
